Like a boss.
Oh really?
Quickly.
I didn't even get a chance to talk about it.
Do you guys watch that 60 minutes thing last night of that fucking jerk off?
Who's written out?
Alex Rodriguez,
the Henry Hill of that thing.
Once Alex Rodriguez was fully under your protocol,
what were the various banned substances that he was taking?
Testosterone,
insulin growth factor one human growth hormone and some different forms of
peptides.
All right,
I'm pulling up Paul Versey.
That dude,
I call it.
I called it.
We're all going to be on Roids by the end of our lives.
Yes,
she could snuff
[inaudible].
Wow.
Okay.
And I'm going to tell you why.
Because the same reason why you saw that sexy scare scrubs,
scarecrow walk into the fucking stage coming down there looking like a sexy
scare crow.
The same reason why they got all these diet pills and all this fucking grow your
hair back.
Shit,
cause no one wants to be old and decrepit.
All right?
They're already given the shit out.
That synergetics is fucking HGH as far as I can tell.
It is leading edge medical science that could make you look and feel younger,
a lot younger.
My Libido was like,
I was 18.
So the desire is there
constantly.
Um,
which is basically I researched,
I said synergetics
uh,
scandal.
That's what I searched.
So of course negative shit came up about them.
Um,
we're all going to be on it.
It's the same way.
Marijuana is gradually becoming legal.
That's what's going to happen with,
with,
with steroids.
Guaran fucking tee.
Yeah.
You know what's the coolest part of the story was they said a rod texted this
Guy Tony,
whatever the fuck his name was and John [inaudible].
He said,
hey,
I got a big day tomorrow.
What do you got?
So we gave them the stuff.
The next day he wrote had like two doubles and a single or something like that.
And the 60 minute guy goes,
Ooh,
what did you think after you sent him your products and saw the results and he
was going like,
he basically said
that,
yeah,
we,
we got the formula down.
She had a great game.
He doubled.
He scored twice.
What did his performance tell you about what you had told him to take?
That we,
we had the right protocol.
You have the formula down and he goes,
yeah.
It was like,
it was like shooting fish in a barrel.
So these guys are so advanced in this illegal shit.
I'm telling you,
they're going to get it to the point where it just like weed,
you can smoke it through like a breathalyzer where all it is is just basically
the mist of THC.
Whatever the fuck that stuff is that gets you high,
they're going to get that with,
with steroids.
All right?
And you're going to be 80 years old walking around feeling like you can put your
fucking fist through the Goddamn wall.
It's going to be great.
All right.
And all of this,
this witch hunt on these a rod guys and all these guys that went to jail and all
that type of shit that people are going to look back and be like,
well,
what was the problem?
That's,
that's my prediction.
Provided an asteroid doesn't hit us first.
Um,
[inaudible] comfortable.
[inaudible] now,
Mr
[inaudible]
little
bit.